Clarify Enterprise vs. Non-Enterprise Support (#2584)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-support.md

## dbt Cloud support

We want to help you work through implementing and utilizing dbt Cloud at your organization. Have a question you can't find an answer to in [our docs](https://docs.getdbt.com/) or [the Community Forum](https://discourse.getdbt.com/)? Our Support team is here to `dbt help` you!
Check out our guide on [getting help](/guides/legacy/getting-help) - half of the problem is often knowing where to look... and how to ask good questions!

Types of dbt Cloud-related questions our Support team can assist you with, regardless of your dbt Cloud plan:
- **How do I...**
    - set up a dbt Cloud project?
    - set up a private package in dbt Cloud?
    - configure custom branches on git repos?
    - link dbt to a new github account?
- **Help! I can't...**
    - log in.
    - access logs.
    - update user groups.
- **I need help understanding...**
    - why this run failed.
    - why I am getting this error message in dbt Cloud.
    - why my CI jobs are not kicking off as expected.

### dbt Cloud Enterprise accounts

> For customers on a dbt Cloud Enterprise plan, we **also** offer basic assistance in troubleshooting issues with your dbt Project.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For customers on a dbt Cloud Enterprise plan, we **also** offer basic assistance in troubleshooting issues with your dbt project.  
```

- **Something isn't working the way I would expect it to...**
    - in a macro I created...
    - in an incremental model I'm building...
    - in one of dbt Labs' packages like dbt_utils or audit_helper...
- **I need help understanding and troubleshooting this error...**
    - `Server error: Compilation Error in rpc request (from remote system)
    'dbt_utils' is undefined`
    - `SQL compilation error: syntax error line 1 at position 38 unexpected '<EOF>'.`
    - `Compilation Error Error reading name_of_folder/name_of_file.yml - Runtime Error Syntax
        error near line 9`

Types of questions you should ask your Solutions Architect and Sales Director:
- How should we think about setting up our dbt projects, environments, and jobs based on our company structure and needs?
- I want to expand my account! How do I add more people and train them?
- Here is our data road map for the next year - can we talk through how dbt fits into it and what features we may not be utilizing that can help us achieve our goals?
- It is time for our contract renewal, what options do I have?

> When you need help writing SQL, reviewing the overall performance of your project, or want someone to actually help build your dbt Project, check out our list of [dbt Preferred Consulting Providers](https://www.getdbt.com/ecosystem/) or our [Services](https://www.fishtownanalytics.com/professional-services/) page!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you need help writing SQL, reviewing the overall performance of your project, or want someone to actually help build your dbt project, check out our list of [dbt Preferred Consulting Providers](https://www.getdbt.com/ecosystem/) or our [Services](https://www.getdbt.com/dbt-labs/services/) page!
```
